3 1 	Another Person   I hope Kaylee fever don't come back . I been rotating between Tylenol and Motrin and she haven't been warm since earlier
3 1 	Another Person   I honestly feel like this Motrin isn't doing much, it only keeps jacks fever down for a max of like 2 hours then he's burning up again.  frowning face️
3 1 	Recommendation   _USER_ illadin nasal spray, Andolex throat spray, Advil and Still Pain plus loads of sleep.
3 1 	Model correct    Just waiting for that baby Advil to kick in...
3 1 	Another Person   My little E is now finally now on antibiotics, steroids and inhalers  after battling with an… _URL_
3 1 	Model correct    These oxtails I'm eating on steroids  weary face
3 1 	Another Person   Shuda jus took some Tylenol and left it like dat
3 1 	Story            Was in the hospital for four days for a severe kidney infection last month and only had something stronger than Tylenol twice for pain.
3 1 	Request/Update   Turns out I'm so stingy with the Calpol that the bottle is out of date. So's the half bottle of ibuprofen. What do I do with sick 3yo now?  weary face
3 1 	Model correct    i really started my day with sunglasses and; advil as if last night was mad real..
3 1 	Another Person   Canny believe that masons been no well for 3 weeks steroids and antibiotics haven't worked downcast face with sweat
3 1 	Another Person   Went to one of the worst gyms I've ever been to today. Beefcakes on steroids. PTs smoking e-cigarettes. Herbalife. Hardly health promotion!
3 1 	Recommendation   _USER_ lmao so is my mom so I'm sure you're fine lol take it easy and take Tylenol it helps my sickness within hours everytime
3 1 	Another Person   _USER_ _USER_ My 2yo had a 39.6 temp at the doctor's at 5pm... but Panadol has kicked in and he's now singing! _HASHTAG_
3 1 	Another Person   _USER_ Motrin. He has been taking Tylenol and Motrin the past two days nothing is helping
3 1 	Feel like        I feel like I'm me but just in steroids. My buttons get pressed wayyyy faster now that I'm pregnant and;and; I use to be more calm!
3 1 	Another PERSON   But at least after 2 rounds of Tylenol and 2 rounds of Motrin my baby's fever FINALLY broke.  raising hands🏻 raising hands🏻
3 1 	Another PERSON   Carlton players should not have had those valiums at three quarter time _HASHTAG_
3 1 	Recommendation   _USER_ ah babe I moved on to ibuprofen when my ones didn't go down but can't be on empty stomach.. plenty of fluids helps
3 1 	Another PERSON   If you out here popping Xanax stay tf away from me my inbox my IG Twitter snap everything '
3 1 	Model correct    Prednisone and animals do not mix well _HASHTAG_
3 1 	Request          Is this capsular contracture? How can I avoid revision surgery? Thoughts on ultrasound therapy and Accolate? _URL_
3 1 	Model correct    I liked a _USER_ video _URL_ Steroids are messing me up! VLOG _HASHTAG_
3 1 	Model correct    I normally don't have anything stronger than panadol, so taking Endone is knocking me for 6. It's really good shit
3 1 	Another PERSON   Someone's Tylenol kicked in :) _HASHTAG_ _URL_
3 1 	Another PERSON   Well after an out of hours GP visit, steroids, pain relief and; one very tired _URL_ got through last night. Wud rather b ill for him  crying face
3 1 	Another Person   Me- do you know what meds you're currently taking? Patient- um, I'm taking a green pill, grey pill and OxyContin 10mg three times a day  expressionless face upside-down face
3 1 	_USER_ damn u wanna be natural n shit I would of been popped a Tylenol or ibphrophen
3 1 	I'm praying that this Advil breaks Carters fever since those two doses of Tylenol didn't do shit. My poor baby has had a 103 fever since 3pm
3 1 	Flonase telling me that "six is greater than one" in the ad after Trump gave me more insight than Trump did in 30 minutes. _HASHTAG_
3 1 	I'm 22 years old and this is literally the first time I've ever had pain medicine stronger than a Tylenol 3  grinning face with sweat
3 1 	Whoa any moms doing rounds of steroids shot for baby's lung suffer from extreme nausea after the second dose? Just hit me like a hurricane
3 1 	Have resorted to nappy off time to try and heal horrendous nappy rash even if I am risking my carpets. Even steroid cream isn't working!
3 1 	_USER_ ugh!! EVERYONE has had this terrible cold! Paracetamol, honey and lemon, climb into bed! Get well soon xxx
3 1 	_USER_ I've been feeling the same way all day. Try some Mucinex, Claritin and Tylenol. Pollen is super high right now.  thumbs down🏻
3 1 	Shouldn't have took my pain pill my ass is high as gas , I shoulda just doubled up on Motrin or sum for my migraine
3 1 	Well my cousin is at 7 months and having contractions headed to the hospital hopes the steroid shot will stop them !
3 1 	Tylenol PM  sleeping face face blowing a kiss sleeping face face blowing a kiss sleeping face
3 1 	_USER_  confused face ibuprofen works best because it reduces swelling. Try taking a hot shower then sleep, drink a lot of water
3 1 	Take a shot of tylenol.
3 1 	Madelyn has a chest infection. Albuterol every 2 hours and antibiotics it is
3 1 	I've seen OxyContin take 3 lives
3 1 	No baby yet praise the Lord! Labor is stopped for now. Dilated to 3, giving steroids to strengthen his lungs and; she's on iv antibiotics. Pray
3 1 	My heartburn is on steroids today thanks Babyboy appreciate that .    pouting face grinning face with sweat
3 1 	Down five Xanax and I pray I wake up and forget
I been with the gang cause they love me how I am
3 1 	Did you know that drinking 120ml of freedom gel first thing in the morning is equal to taking 2 Ibuprofen four... _URL_
3 1 	Benadryl, Tylenol, Redbull, coffee. Um, happy hump day?  confused face
3 1 	It seems that Carrot cake is the new Paracetamol. Headache has eased off since destroying a huge amount of cake.
3 1 	_USER_ my bf literally had a liver failure and went into a coma due to taking Tylenol and yet doctors still try to give it to my son face with rolling eyes
3 1 	_USER_ I've never been on Valium, but the world is usually like this for me anyway?
3 1 	Zion has woken up every night between 2-4am this whole week. I don't know what to do b/c Tylenol and; orajel don't work and; I'm exhausted. _HASHTAG_  weary face
3 1 	Prenatal Relaxation Tip: Headaches are common with pregnancy. If Tylenol isn't working, a massage can help! Ask our certified staff today.
3 1 	Got a sick 3yo today. :-/ Looks like a day of sniffles, ibuprofen, and Thomas the Train for us. Boo.
3 1 	Olivia has already woke up twice tonight. Hopefully this Tylenol helps. _HASHTAG_
3 1 	this Motrin getting Khloé right ..
3 1 	Cold and flu medicine, sushi, advil, coffee: is worse to take while pregnant than smoking weed is..
