3 2 	My day needs a valium.
Not me. My day.
_HASHTAG_
3 2 	_USER_ Right now my hot fantasy is a hotel room, bath, robe and a Tylenol PM. All solo.
3 2 	_USER_ Is it considered bribery if I enclose cough sweets and; paracetamol?
3 2 	My backs hurting so bad and I don't have any Tylenol  weary face
3 2 	I dropped my Advil down the drain and now my drug deal is ruined
3 2 	My mom don't feel good. Part of me wants to go over with Tylenol and tea and soup. The other part wants to just not lol
3 2 	I mean we all need Valium today?
3 1 	I hope Kaylee fever don't come back . I been rotating between Tylenol and Motrin and she haven't been warm since earlier
3 1 	I honestly feel like this Motrin isn't doing much, it only keeps jacks fever down for a max of like 2 hours then he's burning up again.  frowning face️
3 2 	it would probably be in bad taste to slip the toddler sitting next to me a xanax, yeah?
3 2 	Oh, Hallo, ihr 800mg Ibuprofen! Wollen wir ein bisschen zusammen chillen? Ja? Cool.
3 2 	Everything gives me headaches, and we have every painkiller except Tylenol.  pensive face
3 2 	_USER_  Allegra and Flonase work for me if honey doesn’t
3 2 	I wish Advil could relieve heartache.
3 2 	Going to Target! I better remember to buy my Xanax PEZ dispenser.  red heart️
3 1 	_USER_ illadin nasal spray, Andolex throat spray, Advil and Still Pain plus loads of sleep.
3 2 	Hot apple cider with vodka and; cinnamon is my liquid Xanax for the night.
3 2 	_USER_  unamused face white ppl be telling me anything ! I can b dying and they give me a damn Tylenol
3 1 	Just waiting for that baby Advil to kick in...
3 2 	Olivia, you have anxiety. Trust me. Get Xanax. _HASHTAG_
3 2 	_USER_ Tylenol sinus hmm? I'll have to check that out, I generally use Zyrtec and nasal spray - cough drops only if it's really bad.
3 2 	“_USER_: “_USER_: _USER_ you good?” Yeah. I got the worst headache  weary face” go take some Tylenol
3 2 	That's it.. next doctors appointment I'm asking about Xanax just because it's time to try something to kick this anxiety for good.
_HASHTAG_
3 2 	And I have no Tylenol to top it off
3 2 	I'll be your Tylenol,  take me til you doze off.... _HASHTAG_
3 2 	I need to go to the store to get Ariel Tylenol but she's asleep and I don't wanna get ready
3 1 	My little E is now finally now on antibiotics, steroids and inhalers  after battling with an… _URL_
3 2 	The sinus pain and pressure is killing me! And we have zero Tylenol in the house! _URL_
3 2 	Advil ? Lol
3 1 	These oxtails I'm eating on steroids  weary face
3 1 	Shuda jus took some Tylenol and left it like dat
3 1 	Was in the hospital for four days for a severe kidney infection last month and only had something stronger than Tylenol twice for pain.
3 2 	am in agony with my c section wound and; back from my spinal and honestly doctors dinny care...."just take paracetamol" DUSNY FKN DAE ANYTHING
3 2 	Taking Isaiah to the doctors in tj tomorrow Bc all doctors ever give here is damn Tylenol  face with rolling eyes
3 1 	Turns out I'm so stingy with the Calpol that the bottle is out of date. So's the half bottle of ibuprofen. What do I do with sick 3yo now?  weary face
3 2 	I'm dead ass the type of person to Ohdeee on medicine when I'm sick. I'll get through anything as long as I have some Tylenol cold and flu  OK hand
3 1 	i really started my day with sunglasses and; advil as if last night was mad real..
3 1 	Canny believe that masons been no well for 3 weeks steroids and antibiotics haven't worked downcast face with sweat
3 2 	_USER_ Haha! Depending on how much you like snow, could be fun.  I'd take Advil every few hours to combat the crushing achies later :)
3 1 	Went to one of the worst gyms I've ever been to today. Beefcakes on steroids. PTs smoking e-cigarettes. Herbalife. Hardly health promotion!
3 2 	I take my Advil cold with some warming tea. The perfect combination! _HASHTAG_ _HASHTAG_ _URL_
3 2 	I pray nothing happens to my girl from all this Tylenol.
3 2 	My twin!!! My Maid of Honor!!! My BFF!!! My Lover!!! My right hand Manz!!!! My Ativan!!! LOL… _URL_
3 1 	_USER_ lmao so is my mom so I'm sure you're fine lol take it easy and take Tylenol it helps my sickness within hours everytime
3 1 	_USER_ _USER_ My 2yo had a 39.6 temp at the doctor's at 5pm... but Panadol has kicked in and he's now singing! _HASHTAG_
3 1 	_USER_ Motrin. He has been taking Tylenol and Motrin the past two days nothing is helping
3 2 	Damn doctor told me to take Motrin after I told him I'm allergic to it. I need surgery clearly!!! My back can't take it
3 2 	Tylenol for Roe then night night it is
3 2 	I really need to go to the doctor... But I know all they will give me is ibuprofen...  expressionless face
3 1 	I feel like I'm me but just in steroids. My buttons get pressed wayyyy faster now that I'm pregnant and;and; I use to be more calm!
3 2 	People need to stop popping Tylenol like its candy  grinning face with sweat you do know the limit within 24hrs is 3gm right !?
3 1 	But at least after 2 rounds of Tylenol and 2 rounds of Motrin my baby's fever FINALLY broke.  raising hands🏻 raising hands🏻
3 2 	_USER_ try Advil. It works for me
3 1 	Carlton players should not have had those valiums at three quarter time _HASHTAG_
3 2 	And now, Xanax.
3 2 	Time to replenish my stock of Xanax.   Ha ha. Just kidding.
3 1 	_USER_ ah babe I moved on to ibuprofen when my ones didn't go down but can't be on empty stomach.. plenty of fluids helps
3 1 	If you out here popping Xanax stay tf away from me my inbox my IG Twitter snap everything '
3 2 	Xanax is the root of all fucking evil I swear.
3 2 	_USER_ _USER_ -a life doesn't mean we don't. So don't even try to tell me I need a Xanax.
3 2 	My head hurts and; I don't have anymore Tylenol  confounded face downcast face with sweat
3 2 	I could never be a pill popper....I get paranoid taking Tylenol lol
3 2 	Lol nigga trying to sell me Xanax get the hell out of my shit with that bullshit
3 2 	But not Vicodine. Blade's dad tried to give me that for the body aches since we have no Advil and; I was all "_URL_"
3 2 	_USER_ it's not on the list my doctor gave me  weary face which is weird to me, I thought all Tylenol was safe..
3 2 	_USER_ it has worked for me in the past! Just remember to leave paracetamol, Ibruofen and water by you bed!  thumbs up
3 2 	My doctor wants to put me on Xanax but I'm not about that life
3 2 	Advil is my first choice for joint pain! Check out this video to see why. _URL_ _HASHTAG_ _HASHTAG_
3 2 	Idk whether I need an Advil or vodka
3 2 	Every time I'm in pain I refuse to take Tylenol (the only thing I can take) I hate OTC medication ):
3 2 	Tbh I do miss having a bf for like "my tooth hurts :(((( bring me ibuprofen?" texts
3 1 	Prednisone and animals do not mix well _HASHTAG_
3 2 	I can't sleep and I can't take any pills to sleep fml!!! Bestie can I take Tylenol pm ?? _USER_
3 2 	And they gave me mfn horse pills my dude. I fuckking struggle to swallow an Advil  face with tears of joy unamused face
3 2 	Im allergic to Tylenol and bee stings. Worst things to be allergic to.
3 2 	Hahaha wow of course the only medicine I can take is Tylenol and; we don't fucking have any  smiling face️ pistol
3 1 	Is this capsular contracture? How can I avoid revision surgery? Thoughts on ultrasound therapy and Accolate? _URL_
3 1 	I liked a _USER_ video _URL_ Steroids are messing me up! VLOG _HASHTAG_
3 1 	I normally don't have anything stronger than panadol, so taking Endone is knocking me for 6. It's really good shit
3 2 	_USER_ my mama keep telling me to take a Ibuprofen
3 1 	Someone's Tylenol kicked in :) _HASHTAG_ _URL_
3 2 	Tylenol&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Advil  OK hand
3 2 	buuuut so happy my vet is bringing over some new steroids and antibiotics for my baby louuu upside-down face two hearts
3 2 	Husband running a high fever. Worse than I've seen in my adult life. Any tips on how to care for this? Blankets, ibuprofen, what else?
3 2 	I'm putting Xanax in the Ambrosia this year  smiling face with heart-eyes
3 2 	Fever, vomiting, shivers. Out of nowhere. Home alone and no Tylenol. Bah _HASHTAG_
3 2 	I feel it necessary to slip Valium in all of my classmates' throat coat this week... _HASHTAG_
3 2 	Spent hours in the ER just so they could tell me take Tylenol for my pain -.-" _HASHTAG_
3 1 	Well after an out of hours GP visit, steroids, pain relief and; one very tired _URL_ got through last night. Wud rather b ill for him  crying face
3 2 	_USER_ "Dear Lord, Give me Advil." Pre-wedding jitters? Love it.
3 2 	78 Xanax would not be enough for today
3 2 	Glad baby feeling better. Thank God for Tylenol.
3 2 	I Got A Bad Ass Migraine But I Gave This Mf My Tylenol For His HeadAche  flushed face unamused face  sad but relieved face pouting face
3 1 	Me- do you know what meds you're currently taking? Patient- um, I'm taking a green pill, grey pill and OxyContin 10mg three times a day  expressionless face upside-down face
3 2 	Remind me to take a Xanax the next time I ever drive in Chicago traffic
3 1 	_USER_ damn u wanna be natural n shit I would of been popped a Tylenol or ibphrophen
3 2 	Who needs Tylenol PM when you could have 3 glasses of wine and a blunt  sleeping face
3 2 	I have a bad headache. I don't even have regular Tylenol to help rid of it crying face
3 2 	I was gonna say Tylenol but that works too...
3 1 	I'm praying that this Advil breaks Carters fever since those two doses of Tylenol didn't do shit. My poor baby has had a 103 fever since 3pm
3 1 	Flonase telling me that "six is greater than one" in the ad after Trump gave me more insight than Trump did in 30 minutes. _HASHTAG_
3 2 	Someone bring me some baby Tylenol  weary face
3 1 	I'm 22 years old and this is literally the first time I've ever had pain medicine stronger than a Tylenol 3  grinning face with sweat
3 2 	I would lack creativity too if I sat on my couch all day popping methadone like candy.
3 1 	Whoa any moms doing rounds of steroids shot for baby's lung suffer from extreme nausea after the second dose? Just hit me like a hurricane
3 2 	I gotta log off social media for a while. The constant news on Trump is driving my anxiety through the roof. Need a script for Valium.
3 2 	It's a Tylenol and cuddles kinda night for my fussy girl.  disappointed face baby
3 1 	Have resorted to nappy off time to try and heal horrendous nappy rash even if I am risking my carpets. Even steroid cream isn't working!
3 2 	I wish my next doctor would act up when I ask for xanax, I'm going to be like did you see 2016!!!
3 2 	I am in desperate need of a home remedy for poison ivy. I can't get a steroid shot since I am pregnant and this stuff is driving me crazy!
3 1 	_USER_ ugh!! EVERYONE has had this terrible cold! Paracetamol, honey and lemon, climb into bed! Get well soon xxx
3 2 	I'm in absolute agony with a migraine and the doctors advice is to "take some ibuprofen" thanks pal, could have given me something stronger
3 1 	_USER_ I've been feeling the same way all day. Try some Mucinex, Claritin and Tylenol. Pollen is super high right now.  thumbs down🏻
3 1 	Shouldn't have took my pain pill my ass is high as gas , I shoulda just doubled up on Motrin or sum for my migraine
3 2 	 face with tears of joy why tf would I want your "boo" when I have my own? take a xanax and; chill or some shit
3 2 	Medical tv show: we're keeping you here until we figure out what's wrong
In real life: sorry we're stumped go home and take advil
3 2 	Zanies in the Advil bottle, I don't take that shit but you do  pill
3 2 	Yup. So so much of a never-ending hangover. With no coffee. No paracetamol.  fearful face frowning face with open mouth dizzy face face with tears of joy _URL_
3 2 	Residents are CLOWNING! Time to take a ride in the atiVAN
3 1 	Well my cousin is at 7 months and having contractions headed to the hospital hopes the steroid shot will stop them !
3 2 	Reading My TL,must be a shortage of Fluoxetine somewhere.
3 1 	Tylenol PM  sleeping face face blowing a kiss sleeping face face blowing a kiss sleeping face
3 2 	Being pregnant ,you can't take anyyythiiinnnggg persevering face except Tylenol
3 1 	_USER_  confused face ibuprofen works best because it reduces swelling. Try taking a hot shower then sleep, drink a lot of water
3 1 	Take a shot of tylenol.
3 1 	Madelyn has a chest infection. Albuterol every 2 hours and antibiotics it is
3 2 	I need some xanax to crush into my grammas apple juice or some lean bc she needs to chill on the me getting married shit.
3 2 	Someone please buy me Tylenol bc. I can't take Advil  loudly crying face confused face
3 1 	I've seen OxyContin take 3 lives
3 2 	_USER_ I am so glad I have it as an option instead of Xanax. Now if only my insurance covered it.
3 2 	I gotta xanax inna crush... Got fonem in the bush
3 2 	I'd rather get money for fuck a hoe , I pop me a Xanax den I fuck a hoe
3 2 	Upstairs I got xanss in a Advil botttttle  musical notes
3 2 	Maybe take a few Tylenol  sad but relieved face sleepy face
3 2 	_USER_ I have to take one right before bed or I can't fall asleep! Get Tylenol pm, it's a LIFE SAVER on the pain:) it's safe too
3 2 	Xanax are your enemy trust me I know
3 2 	Saying I do drugs like piss test me right now I wouldn't even test positive for Tylenol lol
3 2 	I told em I ain't ate so my stomach feeling sick he said "Whatchu need some Tylenol" noooooooooo loudly crying face
3 2 	Did you forget to take your Xanax this morning
3 2 	My Pillow looks comfy, but I prefer My Xanax.
3 2 	How does my dad not have advil or something? _HASHTAG_
3 1 	No baby yet praise the Lord! Labor is stopped for now. Dilated to 3, giving steroids to strengthen his lungs and; she's on iv antibiotics. Pray
3 2 	_USER_ _USER_ hey ladies, your homegirls, Diamond and Silk are about to be on CNN.  I'm just reaching for my Advil. face with tears of joy
3 2 	Pain’s never in my way since I have Advil!! _HASHTAG_ _HASHTAG_ _URL_
3 2 	I almost cried when my tia told me my cousin finished the ibuprofen, lmfao.
3 2 	I be chasing pies like they Advil.
3 2 	_USER_ hey my mom makes me pay my own medical bills  face with tears of joy besides that, Tylenol would solve my problem but I don't have any.
3 2 	Wtf do everybody on the plane take a Xanax before getting on this is something new to me
3 2 	I need children's Tylenol pls  loudly crying face
3 1 	My heartburn is on steroids today thanks Babyboy appreciate that .    pouting face grinning face with sweat
3 2 	Coffee and; Tylenol for breakfast
3 2 	I smoke weed for breakfast I drink lean for breakfast I take mollies I take Xanax I can't eat no breakfast
3 2 	Congrats to the Portland Marathoners! Hope you are all luxuriating in a bath of spaghetti, meatballs and ibuprofen. _HASHTAG_
3 1 	Down five Xanax and I pray I wake up and forget
I been with the gang cause they love me how I am
3 2 	My mom asked me for Xanax today  grinning face with sweat
3 2 	I'm probably not going to need calpol and ibuprofen, or a towel and 2 sets of spare clothes but you just DONT KNOW  tired face
3 2 	_USER_ I'm worried about your intake today. Fried chicken and excess Tylenol PM? I need to have you over for another square meal.
3 1 	Did you know that drinking 120ml of freedom gel first thing in the morning is equal to taking 2 Ibuprofen four... _URL_
3 2 	_USER_ don't get upset when the advised '2 paracetamols and a bath' doesn't work! _HASHTAG_
3 2 	I have such a headache , I wish I could take Advil
3 1 	Benadryl, Tylenol, Redbull, coffee. Um, happy hump day?  confused face
3 2 	I've never felt so awkward picking up a prescription before... "Um, I'm here to pick up the Prozac our vet ordered for our cat."
3 1 	It seems that Carrot cake is the new Paracetamol. Headache has eased off since destroying a huge amount of cake.
3 2 	_USER_ Oh hon. Feel better. Vick vapor rub was magic for my cough. And hot tea with honey, and lots of advil.
3 1 	_USER_ my bf literally had a liver failure and went into a coma due to taking Tylenol and yet doctors still try to give it to my son face with rolling eyes
3 2 	Dude was like "I was in an incident and I need some Xanax -insert random shit about a psychiatrist- I was in an incident"
3 2 	_USER_ lol no way does it really say that? When I need to take Advil I take 3 of them every 5 hours. Whoops
3 2 	_USER_ Literally the saddest Vine I've ever seen. Can I have one of your Xanax?
3 2 	_USER_ i need a Venti caffe mocha vodka Valium latte please!  person raising hand hot beverage️ pill cocktail glass
3 1 	_USER_ I've never been on Valium, but the world is usually like this for me anyway?
3 2 	My baby is crying so much from the shots.  broken heart I'm so sad that I can't do much but just hope that the Tylenol helps.
3 2 	I need a fucking Valium
3 1 	Zion has woken up every night between 2-4am this whole week. I don't know what to do b/c Tylenol and; orajel don't work and; I'm exhausted. _HASHTAG_  weary face
3 2 	Today, for the first time, a customer said "I want the ibuprofen, not the Percs" now that's a miracle
3 1 	Prenatal Relaxation Tip: Headaches are common with pregnancy. If Tylenol isn't working, a massage can help! Ask our certified staff today.
3 2 	My husband said my Mothers Day gift will make me feel extremely relaxed. I said "Are you shipping me some Valium?"  loudly crying face
3 1 	Got a sick 3yo today. :-/ Looks like a day of sniffles, ibuprofen, and Thomas the Train for us. Boo.
3 2 	I have the worst headache, and we have no Advil.
3 1 	Olivia has already woke up twice tonight. Hopefully this Tylenol helps. _HASHTAG_
3 2 	_USER_ Xanax ruined mine
3 2 	Take Tylenol pm and; go to bed to get rid of my migraine or curl up on the couch and; start a new book? Tough choice
3 2 	Guy behind me having a long phone conversation in Hindi. Only part I've gotten is "Xanax ...X-A-N-A-X."
3 2 	I'm starting to doubt that Tylenol does anything. I miss you ibuprofen! _HASHTAG_
3 2 	_USER_ maybe grandmas? Lol I don't remember but I'm pretty sure that was the xanax days so yeah..  face with medical mask lol
3 1 	this Motrin getting Khloé right ..
3 2 	i need a Xanax
3 2 	_USER_ I got the oral gel and Tylenol but I need to try the tablets I'm scared he's gonna choke though
3 2 	"I need philosophy like I need a xanax" is this class real?
3 2 	I never get headaches or migraines this is so rare. I hate it and there is no ibuprofen, Tylenol, aspirin, or even Vicoden. This sucks ass
3 2 	Got my sewing machine some Prozac today.
3 2 	Having to wake up at 2:30 and give Tylenol to Owen when I have to be up in 4 hours is not what I was wanting tonight.
3 2 	I found some weed in my Advil jar and i had no idea I had it  smiling face with sunglasses
3 2 	I can't even take Advil  frowning face️ frowning face️ frowning face️
3 2 	re: _URL_ hurts?: Someone flagged my post and it was removed. Must have hit close to home?
Wow, th... _URL_
3 1 	Cold and flu medicine, sushi, advil, coffee: is worse to take while pregnant than smoking weed is..
