3 2 	My day needs a valium.
Not me. My day.
_HASHTAG_
3 2 	_USER_ Right now my hot fantasy is a hotel room, bath, robe and a Tylenol PM. All solo.
3 2 	_USER_ Is it considered bribery if I enclose cough sweets and; paracetamol?
1 2 	My knee starting to hurt again I'm bout to eat dinner, take another Tylenol and; go back to bed
3 2 	My backs hurting so bad and I don't have any Tylenol  weary face
3 2 	I dropped my Advil down the drain and now my drug deal is ruined
3 2 	My mom don't feel good. Part of me wants to go over with Tylenol and tea and soup. The other part wants to just not lol
1 2 	I whipped then I nae nae _URL_ then my reminded I'm not lite on my feet so now I'm Advil and bed ridden _URL_
3 2 	I mean we all need Valium today?
1 2 	Been dopin myself up wit Tylenol being that's all I can take pensive face
1 2 	_USER_ I may or may not have taken some Advil when I woke up lol
1 2 	_USER_ I take about two Advils in the morning and; two more at night
1 2 	Thank the lord I got my Xanax cause I feel so much better and less stressed
1 2 	i used bc powder, ibuprofen, and; Paul Masson  loudly crying face nothing is working
1 2 	_USER_ I be trying to take Tylenol that shit don't work either.. I feel yo pain _URL_ ain't hurting that bad tonight!
3 2 	it would probably be in bad taste to slip the toddler sitting next to me a xanax, yeah?
1 2 	And I take 2 500 milligram Tylenol before bed.  weary face
1 2 	I take so much Advil every day  unamused face
1 2 	Like I just want to sleeeeeeep. Ibuprofen ain't doin shit
1 2 	My headache gone.  raising hands shoutout to my doctor for giving me Tylenol with Co....  flushed face
3 2 	Oh, Hallo, ihr 800mg Ibuprofen! Wollen wir ein bisschen zusammen chillen? Ja? Cool.
3 2 	Everything gives me headaches, and we have every painkiller except Tylenol.  pensive face
3 2 	_USER_  Allegra and Flonase work for me if honey doesn’t
3 2 	I wish Advil could relieve heartache.
1 2 	Why is prednisone so bitter?!  confused face
3 2 	Going to Target! I better remember to buy my Xanax PEZ dispenser.  red heart️
3 2 	Hot apple cider with vodka and; cinnamon is my liquid Xanax for the night.
1 2 	Tylenol doesn't do shit for me expressionless face persevering face
3 2 	_USER_  unamused face white ppl be telling me anything ! I can b dying and they give me a damn Tylenol
3 2 	Olivia, you have anxiety. Trust me. Get Xanax. _HASHTAG_
3 2 	_USER_ Tylenol sinus hmm? I'll have to check that out, I generally use Zyrtec and nasal spray - cough drops only if it's really bad.
3 2 	“_USER_: “_USER_: _USER_ you good?” Yeah. I got the worst headache  weary face” go take some Tylenol
3 2 	That's it.. next doctors appointment I'm asking about Xanax just because it's time to try something to kick this anxiety for good.
_HASHTAG_
3 2 	And I have no Tylenol to top it off
3 2 	I'll be your Tylenol,  take me til you doze off.... _HASHTAG_
3 2 	I need to go to the store to get Ariel Tylenol but she's asleep and I don't wanna get ready
3 2 	The sinus pain and pressure is killing me! And we have zero Tylenol in the house! _URL_
3 2 	Advil ? Lol
3 2 	am in agony with my c section wound and; back from my spinal and honestly doctors dinny care...."just take paracetamol" DUSNY FKN DAE ANYTHING
3 2 	Taking Isaiah to the doctors in tj tomorrow Bc all doctors ever give here is damn Tylenol  face with rolling eyes
3 2 	I'm dead ass the type of person to Ohdeee on medicine when I'm sick. I'll get through anything as long as I have some Tylenol cold and flu  OK hand
3 2 	_USER_ Haha! Depending on how much you like snow, could be fun.  I'd take Advil every few hours to combat the crushing achies later :)
1 2 	Tonight is the first time in over a year I have needed a Xanax for my anxiety. I'm proud for coping for so long. But feel so defeated, too.
3 2 	I take my Advil cold with some warming tea. The perfect combination! _HASHTAG_ _HASHTAG_ _URL_
3 2 	I pray nothing happens to my girl from all this Tylenol.
3 2 	My twin!!! My Maid of Honor!!! My BFF!!! My Lover!!! My right hand Manz!!!! My Ativan!!! LOL… _URL_
3 2 	Damn doctor told me to take Motrin after I told him I'm allergic to it. I need surgery clearly!!! My back can't take it
3 2 	Tylenol for Roe then night night it is
1 2 	Woke up with the worst headache not enough Tylenol in the world to help me
1 2 	3am. Headache. Cause:Unknown. Take Tylenol, Benadryl. Eat Nutrigrain Bar. One of three has to make it go away, right? _HASHTAG_
1 2 	_USER_ I do!! Dosing up on the paracetamol xxx
1 2 	_USER_ oxycodone? tell me why I been taking those lately too... there bomb.
1 2 	I think I like this Valium the doctor gave me.  I ain't got no worries.
3 2 	I really need to go to the doctor... But I know all they will give me is ibuprofen...  expressionless face
3 2 	People need to stop popping Tylenol like its candy  grinning face with sweat you do know the limit within 24hrs is 3gm right !?
1 2 	guess I'll soak in this hot water take me some more Advil  weary face
3 2 	_USER_ try Advil. It works for me
1 2 	Ustill deal with me tho winking face with tonguejk I'm dumb doctor told me I could have Tylenol PM and; it has me all messed up goofy feeling face with tears of joy _URL_
1 2 	Prednisone tastes so fucking horrible  face with medical mask
3 2 	And now, Xanax.
3 2 	Time to replenish my stock of Xanax.   Ha ha. Just kidding.
3 2 	Xanax is the root of all fucking evil I swear.
1 2 	Takein some Tylenol then going to bedd
3 2 	_USER_ _USER_ -a life doesn't mean we don't. So don't even try to tell me I need a Xanax.
3 2 	My head hurts and; I don't have anymore Tylenol  confounded face downcast face with sweat
3 2 	I could never be a pill popper....I get paranoid taking Tylenol lol
1 2 	My name is Annie, and I'm suffering from a headache so large that not even ice cream and Tylenol can cut it.
3 2 	Lol nigga trying to sell me Xanax get the hell out of my shit with that bullshit
3 2 	But not Vicodine. Blade's dad tried to give me that for the body aches since we have no Advil and; I was all "_URL_"
1 2 	Cramps will kill me, that's why I keep Tylenol on deck
3 2 	_USER_ it's not on the list my doctor gave me  weary face which is weird to me, I thought all Tylenol was safe..
3 2 	_USER_ it has worked for me in the past! Just remember to leave paracetamol, Ibruofen and water by you bed!  thumbs up
3 2 	My doctor wants to put me on Xanax but I'm not about that life
3 2 	Advil is my first choice for joint pain! Check out this video to see why. _URL_ _HASHTAG_ _HASHTAG_
1 2 	I had such a bad headache so I ask James to get me Tylenol. Brings me Tylenol PM....  face with tears of joy face with rolling eyes sleeping face now, I'm so tired..
1 2 	All that waiting for them to give me Tylenol smh
1 2 	My dad just gave me 800mg of Ibuprofen  beaming face with smiling eyes OK hand smiling face with smiling eyes _HASHTAG_ _HASHTAG_
3 2 	Idk whether I need an Advil or vodka
1 2 	_USER_ lol it's okay it's not even as bad you. I just have a fever and I'm getting it under control with ibuprofen.
3 2 	Every time I'm in pain I refuse to take Tylenol (the only thing I can take) I hate OTC medication ):
3 2 	Tbh I do miss having a bf for like "my tooth hurts :(((( bring me ibuprofen?" texts
3 2 	I can't sleep and I can't take any pills to sleep fml!!! Bestie can I take Tylenol pm ?? _USER_
3 2 	And they gave me mfn horse pills my dude. I fuckking struggle to swallow an Advil  face with tears of joy unamused face
3 2 	Im allergic to Tylenol and bee stings. Worst things to be allergic to.
3 2 	Hahaha wow of course the only medicine I can take is Tylenol and; we don't fucking have any  smiling face️ pistol
1 2 	My life be like Tylenol, Zantac, Tums, repeat. _HASHTAG_
3 2 	_USER_ my mama keep telling me to take a Ibuprofen
3 2 	Tylenol&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Advil  OK hand
3 2 	buuuut so happy my vet is bringing over some new steroids and antibiotics for my baby louuu upside-down face two hearts
3 2 	Husband running a high fever. Worse than I've seen in my adult life. Any tips on how to care for this? Blankets, ibuprofen, what else?
3 2 	I'm putting Xanax in the Ambrosia this year  smiling face with heart-eyes
3 2 	Fever, vomiting, shivers. Out of nowhere. Home alone and no Tylenol. Bah _HASHTAG_
1 2 	Popped 5 ibuprofens and; put the bottle in my purse. I should be good for awhile!
3 2 	I feel it necessary to slip Valium in all of my classmates' throat coat this week... _HASHTAG_
3 2 	Spent hours in the ER just so they could tell me take Tylenol for my pain -.-" _HASHTAG_
1 2 	Tylenol not cutting it
3 2 	_USER_ "Dear Lord, Give me Advil." Pre-wedding jitters? Love it.
3 2 	78 Xanax would not be enough for today
3 2 	Glad baby feeling better. Thank God for Tylenol.
3 2 	I Got A Bad Ass Migraine But I Gave This Mf My Tylenol For His HeadAche  flushed face unamused face  sad but relieved face pouting face
3 2 	Remind me to take a Xanax the next time I ever drive in Chicago traffic
3 2 	Who needs Tylenol PM when you could have 3 glasses of wine and a blunt  sleeping face
3 2 	I have a bad headache. I don't even have regular Tylenol to help rid of it crying face
3 2 	I was gonna say Tylenol but that works too...
3 2 	Someone bring me some baby Tylenol  weary face
3 2 	I would lack creativity too if I sat on my couch all day popping methadone like candy.
3 2 	I gotta log off social media for a while. The constant news on Trump is driving my anxiety through the roof. Need a script for Valium.
3 2 	It's a Tylenol and cuddles kinda night for my fussy girl.  disappointed face baby
3 2 	I wish my next doctor would act up when I ask for xanax, I'm going to be like did you see 2016!!!
1 2 	_USER_ _USER_ Hi ladies. Drs have inc'd my dose to 40mg fluoxetine. Hopefully thigs should start picking up soon xx
3 2 	I am in desperate need of a home remedy for poison ivy. I can't get a steroid shot since I am pregnant and this stuff is driving me crazy!
1 2 	_USER_ they injected me twice w/Epidural, which didnt do anything..I felt everything. And now they are giving me Motrin and; Tylenol3
3 2 	I'm in absolute agony with a migraine and the doctors advice is to "take some ibuprofen" thanks pal, could have given me something stronger
1 2 	I'm more than sure my liver is bad w all the Tylenol I take daily  disappointed face
3 2 	 face with tears of joy why tf would I want your "boo" when I have my own? take a xanax and; chill or some shit
3 2 	Medical tv show: we're keeping you here until we figure out what's wrong
In real life: sorry we're stumped go home and take advil
3 2 	Zanies in the Advil bottle, I don't take that shit but you do  pill
1 2 	_USER_ I take Ibuprofen right now but it only helps so much.
3 2 	Yup. So so much of a never-ending hangover. With no coffee. No paracetamol.  fearful face frowning face with open mouth dizzy face face with tears of joy _URL_
1 2 	If I call these doctors tomorrow and; they tell me to take more Tylenol, I'm gonna flip the fuck out
3 2 	Residents are CLOWNING! Time to take a ride in the atiVAN
3 2 	Reading My TL,must be a shortage of Fluoxetine somewhere.
1 2 	The cramps are real today. Thank god for Tylenol and a boyfriend that bends over backwards for me
1 2 	Going on day 4 of my wisdom teeth killing me and; me only being able to take Tylenol and; not be able to eat _HASHTAG_
1 2 	Spaghetti, salad, the hangover. Perfect way to relax after a lot of tylenol, and while the child sleeps :)
3 2 	Being pregnant ,you can't take anyyythiiinnnggg persevering face except Tylenol
3 2 	I need some xanax to crush into my grammas apple juice or some lean bc she needs to chill on the me getting married shit.
3 2 	Someone please buy me Tylenol bc. I can't take Advil  loudly crying face confused face
3 2 	_USER_ I am so glad I have it as an option instead of Xanax. Now if only my insurance covered it.
3 2 	I gotta xanax inna crush... Got fonem in the bush
3 2 	I'd rather get money for fuck a hoe , I pop me a Xanax den I fuck a hoe
1 2 	Ibuprofen is my best friend tonight
3 2 	Upstairs I got xanss in a Advil botttttle  musical notes
3 2 	Maybe take a few Tylenol  sad but relieved face sleepy face
3 2 	_USER_ I have to take one right before bed or I can't fall asleep! Get Tylenol pm, it's a LIFE SAVER on the pain:) it's safe too
1 2 	Should have taken the Tylenol pm instead of the regular kind.
3 2 	Xanax are your enemy trust me I know
3 2 	Saying I do drugs like piss test me right now I wouldn't even test positive for Tylenol lol
3 2 	I told em I ain't ate so my stomach feeling sick he said "Whatchu need some Tylenol" noooooooooo loudly crying face
3 2 	Did you forget to take your Xanax this morning
3 2 	My Pillow looks comfy, but I prefer My Xanax.
3 2 	How does my dad not have advil or something? _HASHTAG_
1 2 	But I did take Advil......
3 2 	_USER_ _USER_ hey ladies, your homegirls, Diamond and Silk are about to be on CNN.  I'm just reaching for my Advil. face with tears of joy
3 2 	Pain’s never in my way since I have Advil!! _HASHTAG_ _HASHTAG_ _URL_
3 2 	I almost cried when my tia told me my cousin finished the ibuprofen, lmfao.
1 2 	Maybe I should take a Tylenol every night... Got the best sleep ever, finally  smiling face️
1 2 	My throats is killing me but I can't take NyQuil so I just drank children's Tylenol. Praying Rory doesn't get sick too  weary face loudly crying face
3 2 	I be chasing pies like they Advil.
1 2 	I think I've had a headache for a week and I can't figure out why. It only goes away once intake Advil.
3 2 	_USER_ hey my mom makes me pay my own medical bills  face with tears of joy besides that, Tylenol would solve my problem but I don't have any.
3 2 	Wtf do everybody on the plane take a Xanax before getting on this is something new to me
3 2 	I need children's Tylenol pls  loudly crying face
1 2 	Nah but I needed some real pain meds cuz that Tylenol did nothing  unamused face.
1 2 	Babe woke me up and gave me Advil cuz he knew I'd have a hangover.  face with tears of joy red heart️
3 2 	Coffee and; Tylenol for breakfast
1 2 	Hopefully I don't overdose on Tylenol  face with steam from nose
1 2 	Motrin and a ice pack on my head..I hope I can finally go to sleep so this pain will end.
1 2 	If not for Tylenol pm I would've never been able to sleep last night
1 2 	_USER_ just a check up to see how I'm doing on my Prozac.
3 2 	I smoke weed for breakfast I drink lean for breakfast I take mollies I take Xanax I can't eat no breakfast
1 2 	I can't find the effects on this bottle of Tylenol but I swear one is drowsiness.
3 2 	Congrats to the Portland Marathoners! Hope you are all luxuriating in a bath of spaghetti, meatballs and ibuprofen. _HASHTAG_
1 2 	Note to self: take 3 Tylenol PM and 3 Benadryl before bed EVERY night. YAY SLEEP!
3 2 	My mom asked me for Xanax today  grinning face with sweat
3 2 	I'm probably not going to need calpol and ibuprofen, or a towel and 2 sets of spare clothes but you just DONT KNOW  tired face
1 2 	It sucks too because I can't take  medicines because I'm pregnant only Tylenol but that doesn't work disappointed face
3 2 	_USER_ I'm worried about your intake today. Fried chicken and excess Tylenol PM? I need to have you over for another square meal.
1 2 	Let me tell you that being sick + migraine + insane back pain while pregnant is a situation sent from hell. Tylenol sucks.
3 2 	_USER_ don't get upset when the advised '2 paracetamols and a bath' doesn't work! _HASHTAG_
1 2 	“_USER_: Xanax had me like .. Did I even take my Xanax yet ? ..... I can't remem- Yep I did.” _USER_
3 2 	I have such a headache , I wish I could take Advil
3 2 	I've never felt so awkward picking up a prescription before... "Um, I'm here to pick up the Prozac our vet ordered for our cat."
1 2 	Feeling a little better thanks to that Tylenol
3 2 	_USER_ Oh hon. Feel better. Vick vapor rub was magic for my cough. And hot tea with honey, and lots of advil.
1 2 	Me and mandy are for real drunk off Advil pm lol this is hilarious
1 2 	Right feeling so exhausted but know I will feel better if I go to the _URL_ some more paracetamol...motivation please...
3 2 	Dude was like "I was in an incident and I need some Xanax -insert random shit about a psychiatrist- I was in an incident"
3 2 	_USER_ lol no way does it really say that? When I need to take Advil I take 3 of them every 5 hours. Whoops
1 2 	_USER_: I have had GALLONS.  And as much Tylenol as is permissible.  It's horrific.
3 2 	_USER_ Literally the saddest Vine I've ever seen. Can I have one of your Xanax?
3 2 	_USER_ i need a Venti caffe mocha vodka Valium latte please!  person raising hand hot beverage️ pill cocktail glass
3 2 	My baby is crying so much from the shots.  broken heart I'm so sad that I can't do much but just hope that the Tylenol helps.
3 2 	I need a fucking Valium
1 2 	Is wine appropriate pain management when Tylenol extra strength fails?
3 2 	Today, for the first time, a customer said "I want the ibuprofen, not the Percs" now that's a miracle
3 2 	My husband said my Mothers Day gift will make me feel extremely relaxed. I said "Are you shipping me some Valium?"  loudly crying face
1 2 	Dentist trip today, thank God for Valium because I can't stand dentists.. but right now, I could care less. _HASHTAG_
3 2 	I have the worst headache, and we have no Advil.
3 2 	_USER_ Xanax ruined mine
1 2 	I think I'm gonna need more Advil.
3 2 	Take Tylenol pm and; go to bed to get rid of my migraine or curl up on the couch and; start a new book? Tough choice
3 2 	Guy behind me having a long phone conversation in Hindi. Only part I've gotten is "Xanax ...X-A-N-A-X."
3 2 	I'm starting to doubt that Tylenol does anything. I miss you ibuprofen! _HASHTAG_
1 2 	Xanax is probably the best thing ever. I couldn't give a single fuck about anything rn smiling face️ sleeping face
1 2 	More Tylenol before bed
3 2 	_USER_ maybe grandmas? Lol I don't remember but I'm pretty sure that was the xanax days so yeah..  face with medical mask lol
1 2 	Was in a xanax coma all day and I loved it
3 2 	i need a Xanax
3 2 	_USER_ I got the oral gel and Tylenol but I need to try the tablets I'm scared he's gonna choke though
3 2 	"I need philosophy like I need a xanax" is this class real?
3 2 	I never get headaches or migraines this is so rare. I hate it and there is no ibuprofen, Tylenol, aspirin, or even Vicoden. This sucks ass
3 2 	Got my sewing machine some Prozac today.
1 2 	Tylenol, throat spray, and Vicks vapor rub is on deck for tonight sneezing face face with thermometer sleeping face
3 2 	Having to wake up at 2:30 and give Tylenol to Owen when I have to be up in 4 hours is not what I was wanting tonight.
3 2 	I found some weed in my Advil jar and i had no idea I had it  smiling face with sunglasses
3 2 	I can't even take Advil  frowning face️ frowning face️ frowning face️
3 2 	re: _URL_ hurts?: Someone flagged my post and it was removed. Must have hit close to home?
Wow, th... _URL_
